Consider this a rough draft of my wedding vows.
I vow to love you until the day I die.
I vow to remain loyal to you until the day I die.
I vow to learn how to love you better and better each day.
I vow to give to you my mind, my body, and my soul.
I vow to stand up for you in the face of adversity.
I vow to protect you from the evils of the world.
I vow to to try my best to grow, foster, and spread the happiness you hold within your heart so that others may experience the joy I feel when in your presence.
I know that I have made mistakes in the past.
I am sorry.
I cannot change what is in the past.
I can only promise to be a better partner for the future.
I will protect my promise with one thing...
I will protect my promise with two words..
I will protect my promise with one holiday.
I will protect my promise by giving you one present.
Merry Christmas!


My proposal
As you know, I'm an awkward turtle, and you are an awkward octopus.
What you might not know is that I have come to the conclusion that you are my soul mate.
I have arrived at this conclusion based on the feelings I have for you and the fact that despite our time apart, they are never fading.
If you still have that Rubik's cube that I gave you, I believe on of the sides said something along the lines of:

CS
and
PT
we
are
a 
power
couple

My proposal is to support you in your career endeavors, regardless of whether or not you are a physical therapist or something else in life. One of the disagreements we had during our freshman year of college, when I said "I can do anything"
I wasn't aware of it at the time, but the "anything" in question is "fixing" society.
Now, I understand that "fixing" society is subjective and an abstract concept.
What is objective and a tangible, phsyical thing is what people call "The Internet".
However, after learning about computer science at Harvey Mudd College, the best college you've never heard of,
It is clear to me that "The Internet" is has a bug.
You see, "The Internet" is nothing more than a facade, a ruse, a trick, played on us by The Government.
What am I talking about when I say The Government you ask?
Why, The Republic of America course!










